--- db_card.hsp:12603   CREATURE_ID_TUWEN_THE_MASTER_OF_THE_PYRAMID   creatura 257
    NOME  jp ピラミッドの主『ツェン』
          en <Tuwen> the master of the pyramid
          IT <Tuwen> il signore della piramide
    JP    禁術により生ける屍と化してまで現世を生きる古代の王。時折間抜けな遺跡荒らしを招待状でおびき寄せ、ピラミッドを守る兵士を補充している。
    EN    An ancient king who lives in this world until the forbidden arts turn him into a living corpse. He occasionally lures dumb grave robbers with invitations and replenishes the soldiers guarding the pyramids.

--- db_card.hsp:12616   CREATURE_ID_ANCIENT_COFFIN   creatura 254
    NOME  jp 古代の棺
          en ancient coffin
          IT il sarcofago antico
    JP    古の昔に栄えた一文明、貴の者たちが安置された棺の周囲にダミーとして配置されたもののなれの果て。入れられた死体が棺と融合してしまっている。
    EN    The end result of a civilisation that flourished in ancient times, where noblemen were placed as dummies around a coffin in which they were enshrined. The corpse in which they were placed has fused with the coffin.

--- db_card.hsp:12629   CREATURE_ID_GOBLIN   creatura 102
    NOME  jp ゴブリン
          en goblin
          IT il goblin
    JP    群れを作って人を襲う小人。彼らは独自の言語を話し地下にゴブリンだけの社会を築いている。トロールとは言葉が通じないもののウマが合うらしく、仲が良い。
    EN    Goblins attack people in swarms. They speak their own language and have established an underground goblin-only society. Although they do not speak the same language as trolls, they seem to get on well with them.

--- db_card.hsp:12642   CREATURE_ID_GOBLIN_WARRIOR   creatura 103
    NOME  jp ゴブリンの戦士
          en goblin warrior
          IT il goblin guerriero
    JP    ゴブリン族の中で近接戦闘の訓練を積んだ者。心眼で的確に急所を狙う上、その筋骨隆々の体は見た目以上に力を発揮する。
    EN    Trained in melee combat among the goblin tribe. He uses his eye of mind to accurately aim for the vital spot, and his muscular body shows more strength than it appears.

--- db_card.hsp:12655   CREATURE_ID_GOBLIN_SHAMAN   creatura 104
    NOME  jp ゴブリンシャーマン
          en goblin shaman
          IT il goblin sciamano
    JP    ゴブリン族の呪術師。この魔物が発見されたとき、ゴブリンにも精霊や神などを信仰する慣習があるということに世界は驚愕した。一応、人間たちの見よう見まねであることが後に判明したのだが。
    EN    Goblin tribe sorcerer. When this monster was discovered, the world was astonished to learn that goblins also had a practice of believing in spirits and gods. It was later discovered that they were, in a manner of speaking, imitating the humans.

--- db_card.hsp:12668   CREATURE_ID_GOBLIN_WIZARD   creatura 105
    NOME  jp ゴブリンの魔法使い
          en goblin wizard
          IT il goblin mago
    JP    ゴブリン族の中で魔力に長けた者。地味ながら魔法の矢で獲物の確実に追い詰めて行く、縁の下の力持ち。魔法が使えることを鼻にかけているフシがある。
    EN    A goblin tribe member who is skilled in magic. He is a simple but powerful man behind the scenes who uses magic arrows to hunt down his prey with confidence. He seems to have a nose to taking advantage of his magical abilities.

--- db_card.hsp:12681   CREATURE_ID_RED_BAPTIST   creatura 106
    NOME  jp 赤の洗礼者
          en red baptist
          IT il battezzatore rosso
    JP    現在は何処かに封印されているという赤き悪魔に心を奪われ崇拝するようになった者。ローブに隠された貌は元の容を留めぬ程に焼け爛れている。
    EN    A person who has become fascinated by and worships the red devil, which is now sealed away somewhere. His face, hidden by his dressing gown, is so burnt that it has lost all trace of its original appearance. 

--- db_card.hsp:12694   CREATURE_ID_BLUE_BAPTIST   creatura 107
    NOME  jp 青の洗礼者
          en blue baptist
          IT il battezzatore blu
    JP    現在は何処かに封印されているという青き悪魔に心を奪われ崇拝するようになった者。ローブに隠された貌はおぞましく凍り付き、眼球全体が碧く濁っている。
    EN    A person who has become enthralled by and worships the blue devil, which is now sealed away somewhere. His face, hidden by a dressing gown, is horribly frozen and his eyeballs are entirely clouded with blue. 

--- db_card.hsp:12707   CREATURE_ID_BROWN_BEAR   creatura 108
    NOME  jp ブラウンベア
          en brown bear
          IT l'orso bruno
    JP    人に飼い慣らされた熊。芸も覚えているが披露する機会を与えられる者は少ない。捨てられた者は野生化し、群れで人を襲う。
    EN    A bear that has been tamed by people. They learn tricks, but few are given the opportunity to perform them. Those that are abandoned become wild and attack people in packs.

--- db_card.hsp:12720   CREATURE_ID_GRIZZLY   creatura 109
    NOME  jp グリズリー
          en grizzly
          IT il grizzly
    JP    特に人間を好んで襲う狂暴な熊。別名はハイイログマであり、その名の通り体毛は灰色なのだが、たまに返り血で毛が赤く染まっている個体もいるようだ。
    EN    A rabid bear that particularly likes to attack humans. It is also known as the hylog bear, and as its name suggests, its body hair is grey, but occasionally some individuals seem to have their fur stained red by returned blood. 

--- db_card.hsp:12733   CREATURE_ID_MAMMOTH   creatura 344
    NOME  jp マンモス
          en Mammoth
          IT il mammut
    JP    レム・イド時代に遺伝子復元技術によって復活したとされる、超古代生物。その肉は大昔から人間たちの糧となっていた。現在でもマンモスの肉は御馳走とされている。
    EN    A super-ancient creature that is believed to have been revived by genetic restoration technology during the Remido era. Its meat has fed humans since ancient times. Even today, mammoth meat is considered a delicacy.

--- db_card.hsp:12746   CREATURE_ID_LIVING_ARMOR   creatura 110
    NOME  jp リビングアーマー
          en living armor
          IT l'armatura vivente
    JP    斃れた戦士の無念が、打ち捨てられた鎧に宿り彷徨うようになった。誰かに破壊されない限り、果たせなかった敵を探し続ける。中身が空っぽなせいか、満たされないんだとか。
    EN    The remorse of the dead warriors began to wander about in their cast-off armour. Unless someone destroys them, they continue to search for the enemy they could not defeat. They are not satisfied because they are empty inside.

--- db_card.hsp:12759   CREATURE_ID_STEEL_MASS   creatura 111
    NOME  jp 鉄塊
          en steel mass
          IT la massa d'acciaio
    JP    斃れた戦士の邪念が主無き重層鎧に乗り移り、生命あるもの全てを敵とみなし、暴走した。打ち果たされた後も次の器を探して彷徨うことだろう。
    EN    The evil spirit of the dead warrior has taken over the masterless heavy-layered armour and has run amok, regarding everything that lives as an enemy. After being vanquished, they will continue to wander in search of the next vessel. 

--- db_card.hsp:12772   CREATURE_ID_GOLDEN_ARMOR   creatura 112
    NOME  jp ゴールデンアーマー
          en golden armor
          IT l'armatura dorata
    JP    古代の英雄の思念が投影された美しい鎧。己を凌駕する力の持ち主に出会うまで、戦いの愉悦に溺れ走り続ける。金でできているわけではないので鎧として見た時の価値はそこまで高くない。
    EN    A beautiful armour, projected with the thoughts of ancient heroes. It keeps running, drowning in the joys of battle, until it meets the owner of a power that surpasses its own. It is not made of gold, so its value as an armour is not that high.

--- db_card.hsp:12785   CREATURE_ID_DEATH_ARMOR   creatura 113
    NOME  jp デスアーマー
          en death armor
          IT l'armatura della morte
    JP    不遇の死を迎え、埋葬される事なく朽ちた邪悪な騎士の怨念が取りついた鎧。衝動のままに死と悪阻を撒き散らす。間違っても着用してはいけない。
    EN    Armour attached to the grudge of an evil knight who died an untimely death and decayed without burial. It spreads death and malice on impulse. Do not wear it by mistake.

--- db_card.hsp:12798   CREATURE_ID_MEDUSA   creatura 114
    NOME  jp メデューサ
          en medusa
          IT la medusa
    JP    蛇の髪の毛をもつ。先祖は見たものを石に変える力を持っていたが、あまりにも日常生活において不便なため世代が進むにつれその力は退化。今では、一時的に相手の身をこわばらせる程度。
    EN    They have snake hair. Their ancestors had the power to turn what they saw into stone, but it was so inconvenient in their daily lives that the power degenerated over the generations. Now it only temporarily stiffens the opponent.

--- db_card.hsp:12811   CREATURE_ID_EURYALE   creatura 115
    NOME  jp エウリュアレ
          en euryale
          IT l'euriale
    JP    髪の毛でもある蛇は一匹一匹が自我を持っており、ときおり本体と喧嘩している姿が目撃されている。脱皮の時期は頭がすごいことになる。蛇とのコンビネーションで相手を幻惑する。
    EN    Each one of these snakes-hair, is self-aware and has occasionally been seen fighting with the main body. During the moult season, their heads become amazing. The combination of the snakes and the snakes is used to disorientate the opponent.

--- db_card.hsp:12824   CREATURE_ID_STHENO   creatura 116
    NOME  jp ステンノ
          en stheno
          IT la stenno
    JP    神の怒りを受けて怪物にされてしまった妹を見て抗議したところ、もう一人の妹ともども怪物にされてしまった女性がいた。その子孫のうちの一人。
    EN    When she protested against seeing her sister turned into a monster by the wrath of God, she was turned into a monster along with her other sister. This is one of her descendants. 

--- db_card.hsp:12837   CREATURE_ID_CUPID_OF_LOVE   creatura 117
    NOME  jp 恋のキューピッド
          en cupid of love
          IT il cupido dell'amore
    JP    何処かの愛の神の力を得た魔物。その矢に貫かれると恋に落ち、語るべき言葉を失ってしまう。結構ドジで、普通の矢を放ってしまい目標をうっかり射殺することも。
    EN    A monster that has gained the power of some love god. When pierced by its arrows, it falls in love and loses the words it should speak. He is quite a screw-up and sometimes accidentally shoots his target dead by releasing an ordinary arrow.

--- db_card.hsp:12850   CREATURE_ID_LESSER_PHANTOM   creatura 118
    NOME  jp レッサーファントム
          en lesser phantom
          IT il fantasma minore
    JP    亡霊が宿り動き出した鎧。生ある者に対する呪いの言葉を呟き続けている。インテリア用の鎧に宿ってしまったために、意外なほど脆い。
    EN    Armour in which ghosts dwell and move. It keeps muttering curses against the living. Because it has taken up residence in interior armour, it is surprisingly fragile.

--- db_card.hsp:12863   CREATURE_ID_TYRANNOSAURUS   creatura 248
    NOME  jp ティラノサウルス
          en Tyrannosaurus
          IT il tirannosauro
    JP    恐竜は太古の昔に滅んだ種族だが旧文明の遺伝子技術で復元されたらしい。力強さと高い俊敏性を持ち、他の恐竜を捕食していたとされる。
    EN    Dinosaurs are a species that died out in prehistoric times but were apparently restored by the genetic technology of an old civilisation. They are said to have been powerful and highly agile, and to have preyed on other dinosaurs. 

--- db_card.hsp:12876   CREATURE_ID_HARPY   creatura 119
    NOME  jp ハーピー
          en harpy
          IT l'arpia
    JP    半人半鳥の姦しい魔物。腕の代わりに鳥の翼を持つのだが、見た目ほど機敏な動きができるわけではない。その羽根をホウキにするのが流行ったが、現在は法律で禁止されている。
    EN    A half-human, half-bird, fornicating monster. Instead of arms, they have bird wings, but they are not as agile as they appear. It was fashionable to use its wings as broomsticks, but this is now prohibited by law.

--- db_card.hsp:12889   CREATURE_ID_GREEN_DRAGON   creatura 120
    NOME  jp グリーンドラゴン
          en green dragon
          IT il drago verde
    JP    エーテルを好む、竜族の一種。他の竜に比べるとあまり攻撃的ではないが、そのブレスは非常に強力であり油断はできない。雑食性だが草をよく食べる。
    EN    A type of dragon tribe with a fondness for the ether. They are less aggressive than other dragons, but their breath is very powerful and they cannot be underestimated. They are omnivorous but often eat grass.

--- db_card.hsp:12902   CREATURE_ID_RED_DRAGON   creatura 121
    NOME  jp レッドドラゴン
          en red dragon
          IT il drago rosso
    JP    エーテルを好む、竜族の一種。体内に火炎袋と呼ばれる可燃性ガスの生成器官をもつ。うっかり吐いた炎で巣を燃やしてしまう個体も少なくない。
    EN    A type of dragon tribe with a fondness for the ether. They have a flammable gas-producing organ in their bodies called a flaming sac. Many individuals inadvertently burn their nests with the flames they exhale.

--- db_card.hsp:12915   CREATURE_ID_WHITE_DRAGON   creatura 122
    NOME  jp ホワイトドラゴン
          en white dragon
          IT il drago bianco
    JP    エーテルを好む、竜族の一種。冷媒の詰まった器官をもち、吸い込んだ空気から熱を奪い冷気に変える。そのため他のドラゴンと比べると実は体温が高いほうである。
    EN    A type of dragon tribe with a fondness for the ether. They have organs filled with refrigerant, which take heat from the air they inhale and convert it into cold air. As a result, their body temperature is actually higher than that of other dragons.

--- db_card.hsp:12928   CREATURE_ID_ELEC_DRAGON   creatura 123
    NOME  jp エレキドラゴン
          en elec dragon
          IT il drago elettrico
    JP    エーテルを好む、竜族の一種。体内に静電気を生成する電気袋と呼ばれる器官が存在し、戦いの時には口から放電を行う。電気を使い切るとわざわざ雷に打たれにいく。
    EN    A type of dragon tribe with a fondness for the ether. They have an organ in their bodies called an electric bag that produces static electricity, which they discharge from their mouths during battle. When they run out of electricity, they go out of their way to be struck by lightning.

--- db_card.hsp:12941   CREATURE_ID_NETHER_DRAGON   creatura 124
    NOME  jp 冥界ドラゴン
          en nether dragon
          IT il drago dell'oltretomba
    JP    エーテルを好む、竜族の一種。その吐息は魔力を含んでおり、生者から生命力を奪う。どうやって冥界からやってきているのかは未だに不明。
    EN    A type of dragon tribe with a fondness for the ether. Their breath contains magical powers and robs the living of their life force. How they come from the underworld is still unknown.

--- db_card.hsp:12954   CREATURE_ID_CHAOS_DRAGON   creatura 125
    NOME  jp カオスドラゴン
          en chaos dragon
          IT il drago del caos
    JP    エーテルを好む、竜族の一種。様々なエネルギー袋が融合しており、口からは混沌のブレスを吐く。好き嫌いがなく何でもよく食べるので飼育しやすいかも。
    EN    A type of dragon tribe with a fondness for the ether. It has various energy sacks fused together and breathes chaos breath from its mouth. They have no likes or dislikes and eat everything well, so they may be easy to breed.

--- db_card.hsp:12967   CREATURE_ID_CERBERUS   creatura 126
    NOME  jp ケルベロス
          en cerberus
          IT il Cerbero
    JP    3つの頭を持つ獣。各々の頭が交代で眠るのだが、火を吐く頭がストライキを起こし怠けているため、最近は魔法属性ブレスを吐く頭が頑張っている。
    EN    A beast with three heads. Each head sleeps in turn, but the fire-breathing head is on strike and lazy, so the head that breathes magical breath has been working hard recently. 

--- db_card.hsp:12980   CREATURE_ID_SCORPION   creatura 255
    NOME  jp サソリ
          en scorpion
          IT lo scorpione
    JP    針のついた大きな尾が特徴的な節足動物。見た目は恐ろしいがそれほど毒は強くなく、殻も意外と柔らかい。結構美味しいとかで食料にもされている。
    EN    An arthropod characterised by a large tail with needles. They look fearsome but are not very poisonous and their shells are surprisingly soft. They are also used as food, as they are said to be quite tasty.

--- db_card.hsp:12993   CREATURE_ID_KING_SCORPION   creatura 256
    NOME  jp ダイオウサソリ
          en king scorpion
          IT lo scorpione re
    JP    体こそ大きいが力はあまり強くないため、狩りは相変わらず毒頼み。体内の半分以上を毒の生成器官に変えており、その毒はインド象をも簡単に毒殺する。
    EN    Although large in size, they are not very strong, so hunting is still dependent on poison. More than half of its body has been converted into poison-producing organs, and its venom can easily poison an Indian elephant. 

--- db_card.hsp:13006   CREATURE_ID_SPIDER   creatura 127
    NOME  jp まだら蜘蛛
          en spider
          IT il ragno
    JP    まだらに彩られた体は毒々しく、警戒心を煽るが、その見た目に反して毒は持たない。糸で獲物を絡め取り餌にしてしまう。
    EN    Its mottled body is poisonous and alarming, but despite its appearance it is not poisonous. It uses threads to entangle its prey and feed on them. 

--- db_card.hsp:13019   CREATURE_ID_BLACK_WIDOW   creatura 128
    NOME  jp ブラックウィドウ
          en black widow
          IT la vedova nera
    JP    蜘蛛の中でも細身で、艶かしく黒い肢体から女性を連想する者も多い。危険な毒を隠し持っていることもその一因となっているかもしれない。
    EN    Many associate them with women because of their slender, shiny, black limbs, which are among the most slender of spiders. This may be partly due to the fact that they carry dangerous hidden venom. 

--- db_card.hsp:13032   CREATURE_ID_PARALYZER   creatura 129
    NOME  jp パラライザー
          en paralyzer
          IT il paralizzatore
    JP    神経に作用する毒を持った蜘蛛。獲物を見つけると、まずは麻痺毒を流し込み、動けなくなった所を後で食べやすいように細かく削っていく。
    EN    A spider with a venom that acts on nerves. When it finds prey, it first pours paralysing venom into it and then shaves the immobilised parts into small pieces for easier eating later. 

--- db_card.hsp:13045   CREATURE_ID_TARANTULA   creatura 130
    NOME  jp タランチュラ
          en tarantula
          IT la tarantola
    JP    毒を持つ蜘蛛といえば真っ先に連想されるであろう程有名。意外と愛らしい見た目をしている、などと評されることも稀にある。剛毛なのを気にしているとかいないとか。
    EN    It is so well known that it is probably the first thing people associate with poisonous spiders. They are rarely described as being surprisingly adorable looking. They may or may not be bothered by their bristly hair.

--- db_card.hsp:13058   CREATURE_ID_BLOOD_SPIDER   creatura 131
    NOME  jp 吸血蜘蛛
          en blood spider
          IT il ragno di sangue
    JP    生物の血液を好んで摂取する特異な種。糸を使って捕まえた獲物の体液を干からびるまで吸い尽す。シワシワになった生物の亡骸があれば、こいつの仕業だろう。
    EN    A peculiar species of spider that likes to consume the blood of living creatures. It uses its threads to suck up the bodily fluids of its prey until it dries up. If there is a wrinkled corpse of a creature, it is probably the work of this one.

--- db_card.hsp:13071   CREATURE_ID_WOODEN_GOLEM   creatura 132
    NOME  jp ウッドゴーレム
          en wooden golem
          IT il golem di legno
    JP    樹木の体躯を持つ。過去の文献には制作主の命令に従う存在と書かれているのだが、いったい誰の命令でネフィアを守っているのだろうか。
    EN    They have the body of a tree. In past literature, they are described as beings who follow the orders of their creator, but whose orders are they protecting Nefia?

--- db_card.hsp:13084   CREATURE_ID_STONE_GOLEM   creatura 133
    NOME  jp ストーンゴーレム
          en stone golem
          IT il golem di pietra
    JP    額に異国の言葉で書かれた文字を消せばその機能を止めると言われているが、まともに対峙すればとてもそんな物を狙う余裕は無いだろう。
    EN    It is said that erasing the writing on its forehead in an foreign language will stop its function, but there would be very little time to aim for such an object if confronted properly. 

--- db_card.hsp:13097   CREATURE_ID_STEEL_GOLEM   creatura 134
    NOME  jp スティールゴーレム
          en steel golem
          IT il golem d'acciaio
    JP    錬鉄の体躯を持つ。素材を頑強な物にしているのは頻繁な戦闘を想定しているためであり、それに見合う高い戦闘能力を持っている。弱点は関節部。
    EN    They have a wrought iron physique. The material used to make it is robust because it is designed for frequent combat, and it has a high level of combat ability to match. Its weaknesses are its joints.

== 39 carte fra la riga 12601 e la 13100
