--- db_card.hsp:4606   CREATURE_ID_BETHEL_THE_WHITE_HAWK   creatura 790
    NOME  jp 白き鷹『ヴェセル』
          en <Bethel> the white hawk
          IT <Bethel> il falco bianco
    JP    薬物への逃避衝動と深い悲しみを振り払い、再び空へ羽ばたく白き鷹。後遺症の影響を受けながらも、確実に全盛期の実力を取り戻しつつある。
    EN    A white hawk that shakes off the urge to flee to drugs and deep sorrow and flutters into the sky again. Despite being affected by the aftereffects he is steadily regaining the power he had in his prime.

--- db_card.hsp:4619   CREATURE_ID_EGELVEIL_THE_BIND   creatura 789
    NOME  jp 束縛の悪魔『エゲルベイル』
          en <Egelveil> the bind
          IT <Egelveil> il demone dei vincoli
    JP    束縛するのもされるのも大好き、という倒錯的な悪魔。神々に巨城へ叩き込まれたのだが、他の悪魔ほど力が制限されていない。持ち前の能力のせいで効き目が弱かったのだと思われる。
    EN    She is a perverted demon who loves to be both bound and treated. She was thrown into a giant castle by the gods but her powers are not as limited as the other demons. It seems that the effect was less effective because of the ability she possessed.

--- db_card.hsp:4632   CREATURE_ID_DREAD_RABBIT   creatura 788
    NOME  jp ドレッドラビット
          en dread rabbit
          IT il coniglio del terrore
    JP    恐怖の体現者。構ってちゃんであり、寂しくなると死んでしまうからなどという理由（もちろん嘘である）で誰彼構わず引き寄せ、阿鼻叫喚の地獄を作り出す。
    EN    The embodiment of fear. It is a caring person and when it gets lonely it will die etc. A lie of course. So it attracts everyone and creates a hell of a scene.

--- db_card.hsp:4645   CREATURE_ID_IRIS   creatura 787
    NOME  jp イリス
          en iris
          IT l'iris
    JP    かつて神々の大戦時に、風の女神に敗北してしまい身体を引き裂かれた虹の女神…その破片を宿すリス。生まれたばかりの頃は破片の支配力が強いため、身体が虹色に発光する。
    EN    The goddess of the rainbow once defeated by the goddess of the wind in a great war between the gods which tore her body apart...these squirrels houses the pieces. When they are newborn their bodies glow a rainbow of colors due to the dominance of the fragments.

--- db_card.hsp:4658   CREATURE_ID_HAKUTOSHIN   creatura 786
    NOME  jp 白兎神
          en hakutoshin
          IT il dio lepre bianca
    JP    真っ白な兎。神として祭り上げられたことにより微弱ながらも神力を持つ。祖先の記憶が遺伝子に強く刷り込まれており、サメが苦手。縁結びが特技らしい。
    EN    A pure white rabbit. It has a weak but divine power because it was raised as a god. Ancestral memories are strongly imprinted in its genes and it is not good at sharks. They are said to be good at matching couples.

--- db_card.hsp:4671   CREATURE_ID_BUNNY_GHOUL   creatura 785
    NOME  jp バニーグール
          en bunny ghoul
          IT il coniglio ghoul
    JP    兎社会に潜む怪物。夜な夜な墓を掘り返して遺体を食らうため、屍食兎とも呼ばれる。兎だけでなく他の生物をも魅了し、食料としてしまう。
    EN    A monster lurking in rabbit society. They are also called corpse-eating rabbits because they dig up graves at night and devour the bodies. It attracts not only rabbits but also other creatures and uses them as food.

--- db_card.hsp:4684   CREATURE_ID_TERRORISM_SQUIRREL   creatura 784
    NOME  jp テロリス
          en terrorism squirrel
          IT lo scoiattolo terrorista
    JP    リスこそが地上で最も尊い生物であるという考えのもとに行動する。土地の明け渡しと無条件降伏をあちこちに要求したが、当然拒否されたため無差別破壊活動に走った。
    EN    They act on the idea that squirrels are the most noble creatures on earth. They demanded land surrender and unconditional surrender but were naturally refused so they went on an indiscriminate subversive campaign.

--- db_card.hsp:4697   CREATURE_ID_TURTLE_RABBIT   creatura 783
    NOME  jp タートルラビット
          en turtle rabbit
          IT il coniglio tartaruga
    JP    兎と亀の合成獣。遥か昔に兎と亀の徒競走があったらしいが、もしその場にこの生物がいた場合、結果はどうなっていただろうか。全ては亀のみぞ…もとい、神のみぞ知る。
    EN    A synthetic beast of a rabbit and a tortoise. There was a race between a rabbit and a tortoise a long time ago and I wonder what the outcome would have been if this creature had been there. All things are in the hands of the tortoise... and God knows.

--- db_card.hsp:4710   CREATURE_ID_DARK_RAIDER   creatura 782
    NOME  jp ダークレイダー
          en dark raider
          IT il razziatore oscuro
    JP    鏡の世界に住む巨大蝙蝠。サバイバルを繰り返し、こちら側の世界にも適応した。疾風の如く空を駆ける。執着心が強く、一度捕食しようとした獲物は徹底的に狙う。
    EN    The giant bat lives in the mirror world. It has adapted to this side of the world through repeated survival. It flies in the sky like a swift wind. They are obsessive and once they have attempted to prey on their prey they target them thoroughly.

--- db_card.hsp:4723   CREATURE_ID_KAPAPU_KAMUI   creatura 781
    NOME  jp カパプカムイ
          en kapapu-kamui
          IT il kapapukamui
    JP    蝙蝠の神。闇にまぎれて、病気や悪魔から人々を守るヒーロー。普通の蝙蝠と間違われて、守るべき人々からよく攻撃されるのが悩みの種。特技は死んだふり。
    EN    The bat god. A hero who under the cover of darkness protects people from disease and demons. It often gets mistaken for a normal bat and is attacked by the people it is supposed to protect. It's good at playing dead.

--- db_card.hsp:4736   CREATURE_ID_COM_BAT   creatura 780
    NOME  jp コンバット
          en com-bat
          IT il combattistrello
    JP    人間たちが戦争している様子を遠巻きに観察して、戦闘技術を独自に学んだ蝙蝠。銃の扱いを覚えたが、兵士たちの口汚い罵倒まで覚えてしまった。
    EN    Bats have learned their own fighting skills by observing the humans at war from a distance. They learned how to handle the guns and even learned the foul-mouthed abuse of the soldiers.

--- db_card.hsp:4749   CREATURE_ID_MOMOTUKA   creatura 779
    NOME  jp モモツカ
          en momotuka
          IT il momotuka
    JP    やけにでかい蝙蝠だと思ったら、なんと妖怪らしい。樹の穴に住み、子供の泣き声で人々をおびき寄せる。気に入った子供はさらい、そうでない子供や大人には噛みついてくる。
    EN    It looks to be a very large bat but it seems to be a monster. They live in a hole in the tree and lure people in with the cries of children. Kids who like it will be snatched and kids and adults who don't will be bitten by it.

--- db_card.hsp:4762   CREATURE_ID_KYUSO   creatura 778
    NOME  jp 究鼠
          en kyuso
          IT il ratto sommo
    JP    究極の力に目覚めたネズミ。普通のネズミと大きさはそう変わらないが戦闘力は段違い。さらに、「究鼠猫を噛み殺し、ついでにインド象も殺す」というコトワザがあるくらい凶暴。
    EN    The rats have awakened to their ultimate power. It's no different in size from a normal rat but it's fighting power is much different. In addition there is a saying that they bite and kill the ultimate rat cat and eventually kill the Indian elephant.

--- db_card.hsp:4775   CREATURE_ID_DISASTER   creatura 777
    NOME  jp ディザスター
          en disaster
          IT il disastro
    JP    災厄の象徴とされる巨大ハムスター。その旺盛な食欲と繁殖力により一帯の食物を食い尽くしてしまう。さらに、伸び続ける前歯を削るため樹木や柱にかじりつくので、森も建物も残らない。
    EN    A giant hamster that is considered a symbol of disaster. Its voracious appetite and fecundity will devour the food in the area. In addition the trees and pillars are gnawed by the ever-growing front teeth so no forests or buildings are left behind.

--- db_card.hsp:4788   CREATURE_ID_HAM_TAIROU   creatura 776
    NOME  jp ハム大老
          en ham-tairou
          IT il criceto gran anziano
    JP    老いたハムスターが化けたもの。ハムスターの世界では、ハム将軍に仕える最高位の存在。遊ぶためにしょっちゅう脱走していなくなるので、代わりが何匹もいる。
    EN    An elderly hamster disguised as an older hamster. In the hamster world he is the highest ranking being in the service of General Ham. They often escape to play so there are a number of substitutes.

--- db_card.hsp:4801   CREATURE_ID_ASTERIOS   creatura 775
    NOME  jp アステリオス
          en asterios
          IT l'Asterio
    JP    初代ミノタウロスの別名と同じ名前を持つ牛人。星、雷光を意味する名前。ミノタウロスの中でも神がかり的な強さを持つ者だけが、こう名乗ることを許されている。
    EN    A cattleman with the same name as the alias of the first Minotaur. The name means star or thunderbolt. Only those with divine strength among the minotaurs are allowed to call themselves so.

--- db_card.hsp:4814   CREATURE_ID_CHIHYU   creatura 774
    NOME  jp シユウ
          en chihyu
          IT lo Chiyou
    JP    人の身体に牛の頭と蹄を持つ。今でこそ化け物扱いだが、元は武器の神。性格は勇敢で忍耐強く、霧を操る能力を持つ。
    EN    A human body with the head and hooves of a cow. He is now a monster but he was once a god of weapons. His personality is brave and patient and he has the ability to control the fog.

--- db_card.hsp:4827   CREATURE_ID_BLUE_BULL   creatura 773
    NOME  jp ブルーブル
          en blue bull
          IT il toro blu
    JP    青い身体にものすごい力を秘めた雄牛。自分の力を制御できないことでブルーになり、よくブルブル震えている。直接話したことはないが、ブルーバブルにはなんだか親近感を覚えている。
    EN    A bull with a blue body and tremendous power. They are blue from not being able to control their own power and are often burbling and shaking. I've never spoken to them directly but I feel somehow familiar with the Blue Bubble.

--- db_card.hsp:4840   CREATURE_ID_CATTLE   creatura 772
    NOME  jp 牛
          en cattle
          IT il bovino
    JP    超古代の頃から搾乳や精肉のために家畜として扱われている。ミノタウロスたちからは祖先として神聖視されており、牛を解放するためにミノタウロスが人を襲うこともあるのだとか。
    EN    They have been domesticated for milking and for meat since ancient times. The cattle are considered sacred as ancestors by the minotaurs and the minotaurs sometimes attack people in order to free the cattle.

--- db_card.hsp:4853   CREATURE_ID_MASTALLION   creatura 771
    NOME  jp マスタリオン
          en mastallion
          IT il mastallone
    JP    ケンタウロスの中では珍しく、魔術と近接戦闘術に秀でる。派手好きな性格で、元からピカピカの鎧をさらに魔力でもって発光させている。基本的に雄しかいない。
    EN    Rare among the centaurs he excels in magic and melee combat. He has a flair for flamboyance making his original shiny armor glow with even more magical power. Basically there are only males.

--- db_card.hsp:4866   CREATURE_ID_DARK_HORSE   creatura 770
    NOME  jp ダークホース
          en dark horse
          IT il cavallo nero
    JP    闇の力を得て強化された馬。その実力は未知数で、世間一般からは大して注目されていないし期待もされていない。一方、ダークホース自身はそんな評価を気にしていない。馬耳東風というやつである。
    EN    A horse that has been strengthened with the power of darkness. His abilities are unknown and he does not receive much attention or expectation from the general public. Dark Horse itself on the other hand isn't concerned about that assessment.

--- db_card.hsp:4879   CREATURE_ID_KENTAURS_KNIGHT   creatura 769
    NOME  jp ケンタウロスの騎士
          en kentaurs knight
          IT il centauro cavaliere
    JP    全身鎧を身に着けたケンタウロス。単騎での戦いを好み、プライドも戦闘力も高い。よほど馴れた相手でもない限り、胴体に乗せることを嫌う。
    EN    A centaur wearing full body armor. He prefers to fight alone and has a high level of pride and fighting power. He doesn't like to be put on his armor unless his opponent is very skilled.

--- db_card.hsp:4892   CREATURE_ID_BALLISTALLION   creatura 768
    NOME  jp バリスタリオン
          en ballistallion
          IT il ballistallone
    JP    小さめのバリスタであれば単独で扱えるように訓練された軍馬。馬の筋力を持ってしてもバリスタは相当重いらしく、足を止めて構えないと撃てない模様。
    EN    A military horse trained to handle a small ballista on its own. Even with the muscle strength of a horse the ballista seems to be quite heavy and it cannot be shot unless it stops its feet and takes a posture.

--- db_card.hsp:4905   CREATURE_ID_GUNNTAURS   creatura 767
    NOME  jp ガンタウロス
          en gunntaurs
          IT il pistolauro
    JP    弓矢から銃に乗り換えたケンタウロス。疾走しながら遠方のインド象の眉間を撃ち抜くなど、反射神経と運動能力に秀でる。好きなものはボルトアクション。
    EN    The centaurs have switched from bows and arrows to guns. It excels in reflexes and athleticism such as shooting a distant Indian elephant between the eyebrows while sprinting. Their favorite thing is bolt action.

--- db_card.hsp:4918   CREATURE_ID_KENTAURS   creatura 766
    NOME  jp ケンタウロス
          en kentaurs
          IT il centauro
    JP    半人半馬の生物。普通の馬より重心が前にあるため、前傾姿勢を取ろうものならひっくり返りそうになる。群れで狩猟や農耕をして生活する。
    EN    A half-man half-horse creature. Their center of gravity is more forward than a normal horse so if they try to lean forward they might fall over. They live by hunting and farming in herds.

--- db_card.hsp:4931   CREATURE_ID_SPIRIT_OF_BREAD   creatura 765
    NOME  jp パンの精霊
          en spirit of bread
          IT lo spirito del pane
    JP    パンを愛しすぎた精霊が、焼きたてのパンと一つになった姿。パンの構成物質の６割が、ショクパンヨリフランスパンという謎の超硬度物質に変化している。硬さを活かして体当たりで物を破壊する。
    EN    A spirit who loved the bread too much became one with the freshly baked bread. Sixty percent of the bread's constituents have been transformed into a mysterious super-hard substance called shoku panyori French bread. He uses his hardness to destroy objects with his body hit.

--- db_card.hsp:4944   CREATURE_ID_ARAONIBI   creatura 764
    NOME  jp 荒鬼火
          en araonibi
          IT il fuoco fatuo selvaggio
    JP    無数の魂と融合したウィスプ。怒りや憎悪に狂った魂の影響で、激しく燃え盛る。動きは緩慢だが、相手の魂ごと肉体を引き寄せるため逃げ切るのは難しい。
    EN    A wisp fused with countless souls. It burns fiercely under the influence of a soul crazed with anger and hatred. Its movements are slow but it is difficult to escape because it pulls the body and soul of the opponent towards it.

--- db_card.hsp:4957   CREATURE_ID_CLOUDRAGON   creatura 763
    NOME  jp クラウドラゴン
          en cloudragon
          IT il nuvoldrago
    JP    極限にまで発達した放電雲が、多量の水蒸気を取り込んで変容した姿。天候に大きな影響を及ぼす。風の吹くまま気の向くまま、流されるように上空を浮遊しながら鳥を狩って生活する。
    EN    An extremely developed discharge cloud that has been transformed by taking in a large amount of water vapor. It has a huge impact on the weather. They live by hunting birds while hovering in the air as if they were being swept away by the wind whenever the wind blows.

--- db_card.hsp:4970   CREATURE_ID_MOAI_CORE   creatura 762
    NOME  jp ヴァイフコア
          en moai core
          IT il nucleo dei moai
    JP    コアから四方に延びたモアイが特徴的。モアイ部分は推進装置であるとともに強固な盾。コアがダメージを受けないように、モアイの石頭で攻撃を受け止める。
    EN    It features a moai extending from the core on all four sides. The moai part is a strong shield as well as a propulsion device. To prevent the core from taking damage the moai's stone head parries the attack.

--- db_card.hsp:4983   CREATURE_ID_MANA_MONOLITH   creatura 761
    NOME  jp マナモノリス
          en mana monolith
          IT il monolito di mana
    JP    複雑な魔法回路が刻まれており、板部分に膨大な魔力を溜めることができる。仮初の生命を与えられており、自律行動が可能。前線への魔力補給装置や施設用魔力電池として秘密裏に試験運用されている。
    EN    A complex magic circuit is carved into the board and a huge amount of magic can be stored in the board. It has been given a provisional life and is capable of autonomous action. It is secretly tested and operated as a magical power supply device for the front lines and as a magical power battery for facilities.

--- db_card.hsp:4996   CREATURE_ID_CLAYMOAI   creatura 760
    NOME  jp クレイモアイ
          en claymoai
          IT il minamoai
    JP    地雷を撒きまくる困ったモアイ。必要以上に強力なセンサーを搭載しており、自身は地雷に引っかからない。地雷犬からライバル視されているが、そのことについては特に興味がない模様。
    EN    A troubled moai scattering landmines. With sensors that are more powerful than necessary he doesn't get caught by mines himself. He is regarded as a rival by landmine dogs but he doesn't seem to care about that.

--- db_card.hsp:5009   CREATURE_ID_GRIM_REAPER   creatura 759
    NOME  jp 刈り取る者
          en grim reaper
          IT il mietitore
    JP    先代の収穫の神が使役していた魔物。大雨の夜、首のない死体から一斉に生えてきたという。関連する伝承が世界各地に多く残っており、今日では死神というと一般的にこの魔物のことを指す。
    EN    A demon that was used by the previous god of harvest. It is said that on a night of heavy rains a batch of headless corpses grew out of them. Many related lore survives throughout the world and today the term reaper generally refers to this demon.

--- db_card.hsp:5022   CREATURE_ID_PROFANITY_PRIEST   creatura 758
    NOME  jp 冒涜の魔導亡者
          en profanity priest
          IT il non morto blasfemo
    JP    死を超越しようとして禁忌に手を出した者の成れの果て。シズルコードと呼ばれる魔術書を一部解読し、その秘術でアンデッドを身体に取り込んだが失敗。本当は綺麗に融合し、３対の翼が生えてくるはずだった。
    EN    It is the result of those who try to transcend death and meddle with the taboo. He deciphered a part of a magic book called the Ssil Code and used its magic to bring the undead into his body but failed. In truth they should have fused beautifully and sprouted three pairs of wings.

--- db_card.hsp:5035   CREATURE_ID_MIKSCXIFONA   creatura 757
    NOME  jp ミクシフォーナ
          en mikscxifona
          IT la mikscxifona
    JP    どこかのネクロマンサーが作った、ツギハギの幽鬼。名前もそのまま、古代の人造語で「ツギハギ」という意味である。無理に取り付けたため身体はアンバランス。自我はアンバランスどころか崩壊済み。
    EN    A gnarled ghost created by a necromancer somewhere. The name is also intact meaning Tsugihagi in an ancient artificial language. The body is unbalanced due to the forced installation. The ego is far from unbalanced it's broken.

--- db_card.hsp:5048   CREATURE_ID_SHURAIDA_THE_EXPERT_MERC   creatura 756
    NOME  jp 歴戦の傭兵『シュライダ』
          en <Shuraida> the expert merc
          IT <Shuraida> il mercenario veterano
    JP    国同士の抗争で使い潰されていくことに疑問を持ち、同志を集めて傭兵団を結成した。優れたサバイバリティで戦友達を何度も救っており、彼を師と仰ぐ傭兵も多い。傭兵の仕事がない時は実家で農業をしている。
    EN    Concerned about being consumed by the war between the nations he gathered his comrades and formed a mercenary group. He has saved his comrades many times with his superior survivorship and many mercenaries look up to him as a mentor. When he's not working as a mercenary he's farming at his parents' house.

--- db_card.hsp:5061   CREATURE_ID_ROATONIS_THE_INFECTIONS   creatura 755
    NOME  jp 疫病の悪魔『ロアトニス』
          en <Roatonis> the infections
          IT <Roatonis> il demone della pestilenza
    JP    黒いオーラの部分が本体。バフォメットの死骸を操って活動する。細菌を魔術で生成・制御して甚大な被害をもたらす。だが扱うのが封印当時の細菌ベースで、制御なしだとイルヴァの現代生物にはほぼ効かない。
    EN    The black aura is the main body. It operates by manipulating the corpse of Baphomet. The germs are generated and controlled by magic to cause great damage. But the infection is based on germs from the time of the sealing and without control it is almost ineffective against modern creatures in Irva.

--- db_card.hsp:5074   CREATURE_ID_DARKNESSLUG   creatura 754
    NOME  jp ダークネスラッグ
          en darknesslug
          IT la lumaca dell'oscurità
    JP    闇魔術で徹底的に強化されたなめくじ。どこかの悪質な魔法使いが面白半分で作り出し、野外に放ったものが大繁殖した。野生のかたつむりたちからは「なんか暗くて近寄りがたい」と思われている。
    EN    A slug that has been thoroughly enhanced with dark magic. A vicious wizard somewhere created it for fun and released it into the open air where it multiplied greatly. The wild beetles think it's dark and unapproachable.

--- db_card.hsp:5087   CREATURE_ID_FORTRESSNAIL   creatura 753
    NOME  jp フォートレスネイル
          en fortressnail
          IT la chiocciola fortezza
    JP    元は普通の殻だったが、人間に依頼して高性能な大砲と機銃を搭載したかたつむり。残念ながらバランス制御が困難で扱いきれず、機銃を単発で撃つのが精一杯の模様。
    EN    Originally an ordinary shell the snail was equipped with a high-powered cannon and machine gun at the request of humans. Unfortunately the balance control is too difficult to handle and it seems that it is all it can do is shoot the machine gun in single shots.

--- db_card.hsp:5100   CREATURE_ID_KAMIKAZE_MAIMAI   creatura 752
    NOME  jp 神風舞々
          en kamikaze maimai
          IT la chiocciola kamikaze
    JP    かたつむり一族繁栄につながると信じて命を懸ける。殻の中に爆薬を詰め込んで突進するが、大抵は接近する前に処理されてしまう。その命は風に舞い散るほど軽い…。
    EN    They believe that this will lead to the prosperity of the Snail family and they are willing to put their lives on the line. They charge at you with explosives packed into their shells but most of the time they are dealt with before you can approach them. Its life is so light that it flutters in the wind...

== 39 carte fra la riga 4601 e la 5100
